EVEN BEFORE THE PRESIDENT
ANNOUNCED IT.
>> OF COURSE, NO ONE CAN
IDENTIFY ANYTHING THE PRESIDENT
COULD DO ADMINISTRATIVELY TO
KEEP ITS PLEDGE THAT WOULD BE
BOTH LEGAL AND EFFECTIVE.
NOW, LET'S BE CLEAR.
THE ONLY WAY TO FULLY PROTECT
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE IS TO SCRAP
THIS LAW ONCE AND FOR ALL.
THERE IS NO WAY TO FIX THIS.
>> Woodruff: THE HOUSE IS
EXPECTED TO VOTE TOMORROW ON A
REPUBLICAN BILL THAT LETS
EXISTING PLANS STAY IN FORCE.
WE'LL HEAR FROM TWO HOUSE
MEMBERS ON ALL OF THIS RIGHT
AFTER THE NEWS SUMMARY.
MORE AID TRICKLED IN TO THE
CENTRAL PHILIPPINES TODAY, A
WEEK AFTER A CATASTROPHIC
TYPHOON HIT.
THE PACE WAS EXPECTED TO
INCREASE GREATLY NOW THAT THE
U.S. AIRCRAFT CARRIER "GEORGE
WASHINGTON" HAS ARRIVED ON THE
SCENE.
MEANWHILE, THE STRICKEN CITY OF
TACLOBAN CARRIED OUT ITS FIRST
MASS BURIAL.
WE'LL HAVE REPORTS FROM THE
PHILIPPINES IN A FEW MINUTES.
PRESIDENT OBAMA IS URGING
CONGRESS TO HOLD OFF IMPOSING
NEW SANCTIONS ON IRAN.
HE SAID TODAY THAT IF
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN FAIL,
"THE SANCTIONS CAN BE RAMPED
BACK UP."
MARGARET WARNER WILL HAVE MUCH
MORE ON THE EFFORT TO WIN OVER
SKEPTICAL LAWMAKERS LATER IN THE
PROGRAM.
IN IRAQ, NEW BOMBINGS TARGETED
SHIITES DURING A MAJOR RELIGIOUS
HOLIDAY, KILLING AT LEAST 41 AND
WOUNDING MORE THAN 100 OTHERS.
THE WORST WAS IN A TOWN
NORTHEAST OF BAGHDAD, WHERE A
SUICIDE BOMBER BLEW HIMSELF UP
AMIDST A GROUP OF WORSHIPPERS.
NO ONE CLAIMED RESPONSIBILITY,
BUT AL QAEDA IN IRAQ HAS
LAUNCHED MANY SIMILAR ATTACKS.
A TOP U.S. COUNTERTERROR
OFFICIAL WARNED TODAY THAT AL
QAEDA IN IRAQ IS STRONGER THAN
IT'S BEEN SINCE 2006.
MATTHEW OLSEN IS DIRECTOR OF THE
NATIONAL COUNTERTERRORISM
CENTER.
HE TOLD A SENATE HEARING THAT
THE MILITANTS ARE EXPLOITING
"INCREASINGLY PERMISSIVE
SECURITY ENVIRONMENTS IN IRAQ,"
AND HE WARNED OTHER AL QAEDA
AFFILIATES ARE SPREADING.
>> THE THREAT LEVEL, AS WE LOOK
AT THE THREAT, IS MORE DISBURSED
GEOGRAPHICALLY.
THE THREAT IS... HAS MOVED OUT
FROM THE AFGHANISTAN-PAKISTAN
BORDER REGION TO BROAD SWATHS OF
AREAS THAT ARE LARGELY
UNGOVERNED ACROSS NORTH AFRICA
AND THE MIDDLE EAST.
SO, IN SOME WAYS, IT HAS... IT
HAS BECOME MORE SIGNIFICANT FROM
A GEOGRAPHIC PERSPECTIVE AND
MORE COMPLICATED FROM AN
INTELLIGENCE PERSPECTIVE.
>> Woodruff: STILL, OLSEN SAID
THE THREAT OF ANOTHER 9/11-STYLE
ATTACK ON THE U.S. IS LOWER THAN
IT WAS IN 2001.
THE NOMINEE TO CHAIR THE FEDERAL
RESERVE IS DEFENDING THE CENTRAL
BANK'S STIMULUS EFFORTS.
JANET YELLEN FACED HER SENATE
CONFIRMATION HEARING TODAY.
SHE SAID THE ECONOMY STILL NEEDS
HELP, AND SHE GAVE NO INDICATION
OF WHEN THE FED MIGHT CURTAIL
ITS STIMULUS PROGRAM.
THERE'LL BE MORE ON THE YELLEN
HEARING LATER IN THE PROGRAM.
THE FORMER BOSTON CRIME BOSS,
JAMES "WHITEY" BULGER, WAS
SENTENCED TODAY TO TWO LIFE
TERMS IN PRISON.
HE'D BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF 11
MURDERS DURING THE 1970s AND
'80s, AS WELL AS EXTORTION AND
MONEY LAUNDERING.
BULGER SAID NOTHING AT ALL AS
THE JUDGE PRONOUNCED THE
SENTENCE, AND HE LEFT THE COURT
WITHOUT LOOKING AT HIS
SUPPORTERS.
AFTERWARD, PROSECUTORS AND
DEFENSE LAWYERS SPOKE OUTSIDE
THE COURTHOUSE.
>> JAMES BULGER DESERVES NOTHING
LESS THAN TO SPEND THE REST OF
HIS LIFE IN JAIL FOR THE HARM,
THE PAIN AND THE SUFFERING THAT
HE HAS CAUSED TO SO MANY IN THIS
TOWN.
>> THERE ARE A NUMBER OF
IMPORTANT ISSUES THAT HE STILL
THINKS NEED TO BE TOLD.
THERE'S EVIDENCE AND WITNESSES
THAT HE THINKS SHOULD BE MADE
PUBLIC, AND, IN PURSUIT OF THAT
GOAL, HE WILL APPEAL HIS CASE.
>> Woodruff: BULGER IS 84 YEARS
OLD.
HE FLED BOSTON IN 1994.
HE WAS CAPTURED IN CALIFORNIA
TWO YEARS AGO.
AN OHIO MAN HAS BEEN CONVICTED
IN A $100 MILLION CHARITY FRAUD
CASE.Y
DONALD CODY, WHO ALSO GOES BY
BOBBY THOMPSON, DEFRAUDED DONORS
IN 41 STATES.
HE'D BEEN CHARGED WITH LOOTING
HIS FLORIDA CHARITY, THE U.S.
NAVY VETERANS ASSOCIATION.
CODY FACES UP TO 67 YEARS IN
PRISON.
TWO SECRET SERVICE AGENTS WERE
REMOVED FROM PRESIDENT OBAMA'S
SECURITY DETAIL FOR ALLEGED
SEXUAL MISCONDUCT.
THE "WASHINGTON POST" REPORTED
TODAY THE SUPERVISORS SENT
SEXUALLY SUGGESTIVE E-MAILS TO A
FEMALE SUBORDINATE.
ONE WAS A SENIOR SUPERVISOR, WHO
ALSO ATTEMPTED TO FORCE HIS WAY
INTO A WOMAN'S ROOM AT A
WASHINGTON HOTEL.
THIS REPORT COMES A YEAR AFTER
THE AGEY DENCALT WITH A
PROSTITUTION SCANDAL IN
COLOMBIA.
ON WALL STREET, THE DOW JONES
INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE GAINED 54
POINTS TO CLOSE AT 15,876.
THE NASDAQ ROSE SEVEN POINTS TO
CLOSE AT 3,972.
STILL AHEAD ON THE NEWSHOUR:
RESPONSE TO THE PRESIDENT'S
HEALTH CARE FIXES FROM TWO
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS; THE SCOPE
OF SUFFERING WIDENS IN THE
TYPHOON-RAVAGED PHILIPPINES;
JANET YELLEN SAILS THROUGH HER
CONFIRMATION HEARING TO HEAD THE
FED; A NEWSMAKER INTERVIEW WITH
THE NEW LEADER OF THE A.T.F.;
HOW CONGRESS MIGHT COMPLICATE
THE IRAN NUCLEAR TALKS; AND
ROBERT MACNEIL RETURNS WITH HIS
LATE BOOSTK.
>> Ifill: AGAIN, TO THE
PRESIDENT'S HEALTH CARE PLAN.
>> Ifill: IN THE SENATE, SOME
DEMOCRATS ARE PUSHING THEIR OWN
LEGISLATION, INCLUDING LOUISIANA
SENATOR MARY LANDRIEU.
>> THE PRESIDENT'S ANNOUNCEMENT
THIS MORNING WAS A GREAT FIRST
STEP AND WE WILL PROBABLY NEED
LEGISLATION TO MAKE IT STICK.
MY BILL IS A PERMANENT SOLUTION.
WE'RE GOING TO BE WORKING TO SEE
HOW THAT CAN BE SHAPED TO MAKE
IT REAL, HOLD THE PROMISE AND
SUPPORT THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.
>> Ifill: BUT HOW DID TODAY'S
PRESIDENTIAL MEA CULPA GO OVER
IN THE HOUSE?
FOR THAT, WE TURN TO TWO MEMBERS
OF THE HOUSE: DEMOCRATIC
CONGRESSWOMAN JAN SCHAKOWSKY OF
ILLINOIS; AND REPUBLICAN
CONGRESSMAN JAMES LANKFORD OF
OKLAHOMA.
JAN THAT COW SKI, YOU JUST HEARD
WHAT MARY LANDRIEU HAD TO SAY IN
THE SENATE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
DO YOU THINK WHAT THE PRESIDENT
DID TODAY WAS YOU HAVE?
>> WE HAD A DEMOCRATIC CAUCUS.
THE REACTION WAS APPROVING OF
THE PRESIDENT'S PLAN.
I THINK PEOPLE FELT THAT THIS
WAS WAS A GOOD FIX AND YOU KNOW
WHEN YOU START SOMETHING LIKE
THIS THERE ARE GOING TO BE
CHANGES THAT WE NEED TO MAKE AND
FELT THAT THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA
AND SO I THINK THE RESPONSE HAS
BEEN VERY, VERY POSITIVE ON THE
PART OF THE DEMOCRATS THAT WE'RE
DEALING WITH SOMETHING THAT WE
HAVE BEEN HEARING FROM OUR
CONSTITUENTS ABOUT AND THERE'S
NOTHING TO BE ASHAMED OF WHEN
YOU TRY AND FIX SOMETHING THAT
ALREADY HAS SO MUCH PROMISE FOR
MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF
AMERICANS WHO HAVE BEEN DENIED
HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE PAST.
>> Ifill: EXCEPT I KEEP HEARING
DEMOCRATS, MS. SCHAKOWSKY, SAY
THIS IS A GOOD FIRST STEP, THIS
SHOULD BE A PERMANENT FIX, THIS
SHOULD BE A PERMANENT ROLLBACK.
DO YOU THINK THAT THAT MIGHT
GATHER SOME SPEED?
>> WELL, THE DEMOCRATS ARE GOING
TO OFFER A RESPONSE TO THE
LEGISLATION THAT THE REPUBLICANS
ARE OFFERING TOMORROW.
THAT'S STILL IN THE WORKS, BUT
WE CERTAINLY DO THINK THAT THE
PRESIDENT HAS MADE A MOVE IN THE
RIGHT DIRECTION.
I CAN'T TELL YOU BECAUSE I DON'T
KNOW RIGHT NOW WHAT WE'RE GOING
TO BE DOING IN THE HOUSE.
BUT I WANT TO TELL YOU, YOU
PLAYED PART OF JOHN BOEHNER.
ONE OTHER THING HE SAID IS THAT
WE HAVE THE BEST HEALTH DELIVERY
SYSTEM IN THE WORLD.
I'M SORRY.
WITH 41 MILLION PEOPLE WITH NO
INSURANCE AND MANY MORE THAT ARE
DENIED INSURANCE BECAUSE OF
PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, I DON'T
THINK SO.
WE NEED THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.
>> Ifill: MR. LANKFORD, WHEN YOU
TALK TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS IN
OKLAHOMA, DO YOU GET A SENSE
THAT THEY WOULD ACCEPT THE FIX
THE PRESIDENT PUT FORWARD SNOWED
>> WE'RE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
HOW THE FIX WORKS.
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES HAVE
COME OUT AND SAID THIS FIX WON'T
WORK FOR US, IT DOES A COUPLE
THINGS.
ONE IS THE PRESIDENT LAID OUT A
MANDATE TO SAY IF THE COMPANIES
ARE GOING TO PRESENT THIS SAME
INSURANCE THEY HAD LAST YEAR,
FIRST THING THEY HAVE TO DO IS
THEY HAVE TO ADVERTISE FOR OTHER
COMPETING COMPANIES THAT ARE ON
THE EXCHANGES AND TELL THEIR
PEOPLE THAT THEY'RE OFFERING THE
POLICY TO THAT HEY, HERE'S WHAT
WE DON'T BUT THE EXCHANGES DO.
COMPANIES ARE NOT GOING TO STEP
OUT AND SAY "HEY, HERE'S ANOTHER
COMPANY THAT HAS A BETTER
PRODUCT OR A DIFFERENT PRODUCT
THAT OURS."
THAT'S NONSENSICAL.
IT'S ONE THING TO SAY WE'RE
GOING TO COMPETE, IT'S ANOTHER
TO SAY YOU CAN COME BACK AND
COM B PRESIDENT
CAME BACK AND SAID.
YES COMPANIES CAN COME BACK BUT
WE'LL STRAP THEM DOWN WITH MORE
REGULATIONS.
THAT'S NOT HELPFUL.
>> Ifill: IS YOUR CONCERN THAT
THIS FIX ISN'T ENOUGH OR THAT
IT'S PUTTING ON A BANDAGE ON A
BAD PRODUCT.
>> TWO THINGS.
ONE IS I'M NOT SURE IT'S LEGAL
YET.
THE LAW IS VERY CLEAR ON IT.
HE'S JUST BASICALLY SAYING WE'RE
GOING TO IGNORE THAT PART OF THE
LAW.
THAT'S NOT WHAT THE EXECUTIVE
BRANCH IS SET TO DO.
THE LEGISLATIVE BRANCH CREATES
THE LAWS AND IT HAS TO BE
FULFILLED.
THE DEMOCRATS NOW TWO TERMS AGO
IN CONGRESS CREATED A LAW THAT
THIS PRESIDENT IS NOW SAYING
THIS PART OF THE LAW DOESN'T
WORK SO WE'RE GOING TO IGNORE
IT.
LEGALLY YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
SO WE'RE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHERE HE'S GETTING THE LEGAL
AUTHORITY TO DO IT.
THE SECOND THING IS IT CREATE
THIS IS UNSTABLE ENVIRONMENT
WHERE COMPANIES ARE TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WHAT'S THE REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT, HOW DO I DO THIS?
THEY'RE NOT GOING TO TAKE THE
RISK IF THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT TO
TAKE THE RISK ON.
>> Ifill: JAN SCHAKOWSKY, IT WAS
REMARK TO BELIEVE SEE THE
PRESIDENT APOLOGIZE AT SUCH
GREAT LENGTH TODAY IN THE WHITE
HOUSE BRIEFING ROOM.
DID YOU FIND THAT THAT IS
SOMETHING THAT MAYBE COULD HAVE
HAPPENED A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO?
>> WELL, I THINK AS SOON AS WE
SAW THAT THE ROLLOUT OF THE WEB
SITE IN PARTICULAR WAS REALLY,
REALLY -- WHAT DO YOU CALL IT?
WHACKY, DIFFICULT, YOU KNOW HE'S
ALREADY TAKEN RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THAT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT I FEAR?
THAT WE MISS THE BIG PICTURE.
PARENTS OF CHILDREN WITH AUTISM
WERE ON THE HILL TODAY AND THEIR
MESSAGE WAS "THANK YOU.
WE DON'T TO WORRY ANYMORE."
AND WOMEN ARE GOING TO DO SO
MUCH BETTER.
AND ESPECIALLY WOMEN WHO MAY
HAVE BREAST CANCER AND MEN WHO
HAVE CANCER ARE -- THIS IS WHAT
THIS LAW IS ABOUT.
IT'S NOT ABOUT THE INSURANCE
INDUSTRY BEING ABLE TO OFFER
THIS OR THAT, ALTHOUGH WE WANT
TO MAKE IT AS EASY AS POSSIBLE
FOR PEOPLE TO ACCESS A POLICY
THAT THEY HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO
GET BEFORE.
>> Ifill: BUT IF THE INSURANCE
COMPANIES AND STATE INSURANCE
COMMISSIONERS LIKE WASHINGTON
STATE SAY THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO DO ABOUT THE FIX, ISN'T THAT
SIGNIFICANT?
>> NO, BECAUSE I THINK THEY'LL
FIGURE THAT OUT.
THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN OVER THE
NEXT COUPLE WEEKS AND I THINK
THAT ALL OF THESE THINGS IN A
BRAND NEW PLAN ARE ABSOLUTELY
GOING TO ROLL OUT OVER TIME AND
FINALLY GOING TO BE ABLE TO
BRING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
WHAT THEY HAVEN'T HAD FOR
DECADES.
THE CONSTANT WORRY ABOUT
PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, THAT
GOES AWAY.
BANKRUPTCIES THAT HAVE BEEN
CAUSED BY UNAFFORDABLE POLICIES,
THAT GOES AWAY.
THIS IS A BIG DEAL FOR THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE AND WE CAN'T GO
BACK TO THE OLD TOTALLY
DYSFUNCTIONAL NON-SYSTEM THAT WE
HAD BEFORE.
>> Ifill: MR. LANKFORD, HOW
WOULD YOU DEFINE THE BIG PICTURE
THAT MIGHT BE MISSING IN THIS
CONVERSATION?
OBVIOUSLY YOUR COLLEAGUE DEFINES
IT DIFFERENTLY.
>> SURE.
THERE ARE A COUPLE BIG
CHALLENGES HERE.
WE HAVE AROUND FIVE MILLION
PEOPLE IN HAVE RECEIVED A LETTER
THAT SAID "YOU'RE CANCELED."
THOSE ARE PEOPLE ON THE
INDIVIDUAL POLICIES AND SMALL
BUSINESSES THAT HAD GROUPED
TOGETHER WITH OTHER SMALL
BUSINESSES THAT THE AFFORDABLE
CARE ACT MADE THOSE THINGS
ILLEGAL.
THAT SMALL BUSINESSES COULDN'T
GROUP TOGETHER IN ASSOCIATIONS.
SO WE HAVE LOTS OF SMALL
BUSINESS OWNERS OUT SHOPPING FOR
INSURANCE, THEY GO TO THE WEB
SITE TO TRY TO GET INSURANCE AND
THEY CAN'T.
AS OF YESTERDAY, EVEN, THE
ADMINISTRATION AND ALL THE I.T.
FOLKS IN FRONT OF OUR HEARING
COULDN'T SAY WHETHER THEY WOULD
HAVE THE WEB SITE DONE EVEN BY
THE 15th OF DECEMBER WHICH MEANS
WE HAVE PEOPLE THAT CURRENTLY
HAVE INSURANCE WILL NOT HAVE
INSURANCE IN JANUARY AND THEY'RE
GOING TO HAVE A GAP IN COVERAGE.
THAT'S AN ISSUE.
THE SEPARATE ISSUE DEALS WITH
THESE INSURANCE CARRIERS AND
WHETHER YOU'RE GOING TO GET
COVERAGE THAT YOU LIKE OR
WHETHER YOU CAN KEEP THE
COVERAGE THAT YOU HAD IN THE
PAST.
OBVIOUSLY THOSE RULES ARE
SHIFTING.
IT WAS BY DESIGN THAT PEOPLE
WOULD LOSE THEIR OLD INSURANCE
AND STEP INTO WHAT THE PRESIDENT
TALKED ABOUT THE GRANDFATHERING
THAT'S IN THERE, THE GRANDFATHER
WAS IF YOU HAD THE EXACT SAME
INSURANCE YOU HAD IN 2010 AND IT
NEVER CHANGES, WHETHER IT'S 2020
OR 2014, IT DOESN'T MATTER, IT'S
GOING TO CHANGE, IT'S GOING TO
BE GRANDFATHERED OFF.
SO WHILE HE CAN SAY THIS WAS A
GLITCH, THE WEB SITE WAS A
GLITCH, LOSING YOUR INSURANCE
WAS BY DESIGN TO PUSH YOU INTO
THIS OTHER POLICY.
NOW THEY'RE TRYING TO BACK UP
AND SAY MAYBE THAT WAS A
MISTAKE, THAT'S A LEGISLATIVE
FIX THAT WE HAVE TO DO AND AS
FAR AS CANCER PATIENTS AND SUCH,
WE'RE GETTING JUST AS MANY
CONTACTS NOW FROM PEOPLE THAT
FOUND OUT THEY HAD COVERAGE,
THEY'VE LOST TH
AT
COVERAGE,
WHETHER THEY'RE IN A SMALL
BUSINESS OR AN INDIVIDUAL, THE
NEW COVERAGE THAT'S OFFERED
DOESN'T PROVIDE THEIR SAME
CANCER DOCTOR SO THEY HAVE TO
START ALL OVER AGAIN WITH A
CANCER PHYSICIAN AND GO THROUGH
THE PAPERWORK AND TESTING AND
EVERYTHING ELSE.
IT'S A REAL PROBLEM FOR A LOT OF
PEOPLE THAT HAVE SERIOUS HEALTH
ISSUES AND SO THE ISSUES WITH
THIS IS IS NOT CAN WE DO
SOMETHING AND SHOULD WE DO
SOMETHING?
YES, WE SHOULD.
IT LEASE WITH THIS WAS THE
SOMETHING WE SHOULD HAVE DONE
AND HOW MUCH TRAUMA IT HAS
CREATED FOR OUR ECONOMY AND
FAMILIES.
>> Ifill: JAN SCHAKOWSKY, THERE
HAVE BEEN A LOT OF MAN AND WOMAN
HOURS EXTENDED ON CONGRESSIONAL
HEARINGS LOOKING BACKWARD ON
WHAT WENT WRONG, WHY THE ROLLOUT
WAS SO ROCKY, WHY THE PRESIDENT
HAD TO APOLOGIZE SO PROFUSELY.
DO YOU THINK IT'S WORTH IT
TRYING TO GET TO THE BOTTOM OF
WHAT WENT WRONG BEFORE YOU MOVE
FORWARD?
>> ALL OF THE COMPLAINT WES
HEAR-- AND I WAS IN THE HEARING
TODAY-- IS PART OF A 3.5 YEAR
NON-STOP WELL-FUNDED RELENTLESS
CAMPAIGN TO UNDERMINE THERDABLEO
OFFER ANY KIND OF COMPREHENSIVE
ALTERNATIVE.
NEVER TO COME UP WITH A PLAN
THAT ACTUALLY WOULD PUT PEOPLE
IN COVERAGE AND MAKE SURE THAT
THEY HAVE THEIR HEALTH CARE THEY
NEEDED.
SO THAT HASN'T STOPPED.
AND WE STILL HAVEN'T SEEN ANY
KIND OF REAL PLAN.
JUST AN ATTACK ON OBAMACARE.
AND I ALSO WANT TO SAY THAT
THOSE POLICIES, A LOT OF THEM
ONLY COVERED YOU IF YOU WERE
HEALTHY.
ONCE YOU GOT SICK, MANY OF THOSE
POLICIES ARE JUNK POLICIES.
>> Ifill: LET ME DIRECT THE SAME
WE DO MR. LANKFORD WHICH IS
WHETHER THIS IS WORTH LOOKING
BACK AT OR TELLS US ABOUT
SOMETHING VERY IN THE FUTURE.
>> OVERSIGHT IS VERY IMPORTANT.
WHETHER IT'S A DEMOCRAT OR
REPUBLICAN, BOTH SIDES.
WE HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY TO THE
TAXPAYER AND THE PEOPLE IN OUR
DISTRICT.
THE WEB SITE ITSELF, FOR
INSTANCE, $600, MILLION HAS BEEN
SPENT ON SOMETHING THAT DIDN'T
WORK.
THEY CANNOT TELL US HOW MUCH
MORE THEY'RE GOING TO SPEND.
THEY'RE PORING IN ADDITIONAL
CONTRACTORS THAT ARE NO-BID
CONTRACTS THAT THEY'RE PORING
INTO THIS PROCESS.
THEY DON'T KNOW HOW THEY'LL FIX
IT, HOW LONG IT WILL TAKE TO FIX
IT, HOW MUCH IT WILL COST AND
THEY COULDN'T EVEN TELL US WHO
WAS IN CHARGE AT THE BEGINNING.
THAT'S A SIMPLE OVERSIGHT ISSUE
TO SAY WHY WAS THIS DONE THIS
WAY?
AND IT'S IMPORTANT FOR US TO
LEARN FROM IN THE PAST.
IT'S ALSO IMPORTANT BECAUSE IT
AFFECTS FAMILIES.
EVERYBODY GETS INTO THE POLITICS
OF REPUBLICANS, DEMOCRATS, WHO'S
UP, WHO'S DOWN.
THE REALITY IS PEOPLE IN OUR
DISTRICTS HAVE BEEN HARMED BY
THIS.
THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT REALLY
THEIR LIFE HAS TURNED UPSIDE
DOWN, DID IT HAVE TO HAPPEN THIS
WAY?
AND WE SHOULD EXAMINE THAT.
>> Ifill: CONGRESSMAN JAMES
LANKFORD OF OKLAHOMA, JANUARY
SCHAKOWSKY OF ILLINOIS.
THANK YOU BOTH SO MUCH.
>> Woodruff: THE CENTRAL
PHILIPPINES STRUGGLED FOR
ANOTHER DAY UNDER THE WEIGHT OF
ITS DEVELOPING HUMANITARIAN
CRISIS, AND THE AID ISN'T COMING
FAST ENOUGH FOR MANY.
WE HAVE TWO REPORTS FROM
INDEPENDENT TELEVISION NEWS.
WE BEGIN WITH JOHN SPARKS IN
TACLOBAN.
THE MOUNTING DEMANDS OF OTHERS.
>> THINGS AREN'T WORKING.
PEOPLE ARE DESPERATE.
>> I'M TRYING TO FIX THEM FIRST
AND THIS IS WHAT I'M TRYING TO
GET OUT -- TO GET THE NEWS OUT,
WHAT WE NEED HERE ARE MORE WARM
BODIES WHO START DOING MANUAL
LABOR.
>> IN A CITY WHERE MANY ARE
GOING HUNGRY, THERE ARE SIGNS OF
PROGRESS AND MANUAL LABOR AT A
LOCAL WAREHOUSE TODAY.
VOLUNTEERS PREPARING FOR THE
FIRST DELIVERY OF FOOD AID.
AND A NATIONAL GOVERNMENT
MINISTER WAS THERE TO OVERSEE
IT.
WE SPOKE TO THE MAYOR THIS
MORNING AND HE SAID THE NATIONAL
GOVERNMENT WASN'T DOING ENOUGH,
THERE WEREN'T ENOUGH PEOPLE ON
THE GROUND.
THERE SIMPLY WEREN'T ENOUGH MEN
HERE.
>> MAYBE THAT'S MORE OF A
POLITICAL STATEMENT FROM HIM
THAN A STATEMENT IN REALITY.
WHY DON'T YOU GO TO THE CITY AND
SEE WHAT'S FUNCTIONING THERE
VERSUS WHAT THE NATIONAL
GOVERNMENT IS DOING.
>> WELL, THE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT
CALLS THIS THE RICE BRIGADE AND
WE CAUGHT A LIFT ON ONE OF THE
FIRST TRUCKS INTO TACK LOW BAN.
IT'S TAKEN SEVEN DAYS TO
ORGANIZE BUT THE FIRST BATCH OF
FOOD AND WATER IS ON THE MOVE
READY FOR DISTRIBUTION TO PEOPLE
WHO DESPERATELY NEED IT.
IT'S NOT A SIMPLE PROCESS.
SPLINTERED TREES AND PRECARIOUS
POWER LINES SLOWED OUR PROGRESS
AND THE AUTHORITIES WORRIED OUR
CARGO WOULD GET HIJACKED.
BUT WE MADE IT TO THE FIRST
DROPOFF POINT.
IS THIS THE FIRST TIME YOU'VE
RECEIVED FOOD?
>> ( translated ): YES, JUST
NOW.
IT'S THE FIRST ASSISTANCE WE'VE
GOT.
>> Reporter: SHE SAID WE COULD
FOLLOW HER HOME.
AND WE WERE ASTONISHED BY WHAT
WE SAW.
AMELIA SARINAS AND HER MOTHER
AND FOUR CHILDREN DON'T HAVE A
CHOICE AND THEY'LL DO WHAT THEY
CAN TO SURVIVE.
HOW MUCH FOOD HAVE YOU HAD OVER
THE LAST COUPLE OF DAYS?
>> THIS IS THE ONLY ONE.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME.
>> Reporter: THERE IS MUCH
FORTITUDE HERE WHERE THE LIVING
CO-EXIST WITH THE DEAD.
THE RELIEF EFFORT HAS BEGUN, BUT
IT WILL TAKE MONTHS OR EVEN
YEARS TO RESURRECT THIS
COMMUNITY.
>> Woodruff: FOR MANY IN THE
CENTRAL PHILIPPINES, WATER AND
FOOD ARE NOT ENOUGH.
MARK AUSTIN OF INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS WAS OUT IN
TACLOBAN THIS EVENING AND MET A
DOCTOR WHO'S NOT SURE HE CAN
KEEP HIS PATIENTS ALIVE WITHOUT
ADDITIONAL MEDICAL SUPPLIES.
>> Reporter: TONIGHT, IN THIS
WASTED LAND OF SKELETAL TREES
AND HUNGRY PEOPLE, THEY ARE
FENDING FOR THEMSELVES AS THEY
HAVE DONE EVERY NIGHT SINCE THE
STORM DID ITS WORST HERE.
DECENT PEOPLE OF A BROKEN CITY
TURNED BY CATASTROPHE INTO
SCAVENGERS.
A CITY OF DEATH, WHERE THEY TURN
THEIR BACKS ON THE BODIES WHICH
STILL LIE UNCOLLECTED IN THE
STREETS.
EARLIER, WHEN WE SHELTERED FROM
A STORM AT A LOCAL HOSPITAL,
THIS IS WHAT WE FOUND.
WATER POURING THROUGH SMASHED
ROOFS, FLOODING CORRIDORS, WHERE
TACLOBAN'S SICK AND INJURED LIE
AWAITING TREATMENT.
THIS IS NOT OUTSIDE THE
HOSPITAL, BUT INSIDE.
THE HOSPITAL'S DIRECTOR TELLS ME
HE WOULD IMMEDIATELY EVACUATE
ALL THE PATIENTS AND CONDEMN THE
BUILDING, BUT THEY HAVE NOWHERE
ELSE TO GO.
AS A RESULT, THE INTENSIVE CARE
NEO-NATAL UNIT IS NOW IN THE
HOSPITAL CHAPEL.
THESE ARE THE BABIES OF THE
STORM, ONE BORN ON THE 8th OF
NOVEMBER, THE VERY NIGHT IT
RAGED.
THE LACK OF SUPPLIES AND
MEDICINES AND THE DANGER OF
INFECTION MEAN MANY MAY NOT
SURVIVE.
>> IT'S VERY DISTRESSING.
IF THIS IS NOT CORRECTED
IMMEDIATELY, THERE COULD BE
BABIES DYING.
>> Reporter: YOU THINK SOME OF
THESE BABIES WILL DIE?
>> YES, IF THIS IS NOT CORRECTED
PROPERLY, IMMEDIATELY.
>> Reporter: I MET LOWENA MUBAG,
WHO GAVE BIRTH TO HER BABY
TODAY.
BUT HER INJURIES AND BLANK STARE
ONLY HINT AT HER HORRIFIC STORY.
ON THE DAY OF THE STORM, FIVE OF
HER CHILDREN DROWNED.
HER NURSES ARE DOING THEIR BEST
FOR HER.
>> WHAT HAS BEEN LOST IS...
LOST.
NOW THAT WE ARE... THOSE WHO ARE
ALIVE SHOULD GO ON, SHOULD GO
ON.
WE HAVE TO SURVIVE.
WE HAVE TO GO HAVE HOPE AS LONG
AS THE SUN IS SHINING.
WE HAVE TO HAVE HOPE.
>> Reporter: IT IS DIFFICULT TO
OVERSTATE HOW MISERABLE THINGS
ARE AT THIS HOSPITAL.
LIKE THE CITY ITSELF, IT IS
LIVING A NIGHTMARE.
>> Ifill: AS WASHINGTON DEBATED
HEALTH CARE FIXES AND THE WORLD
COPED WITH THE PHILIPPINE
DISASTER, THE WOMAN WHO COULD
BECOME THE MOST POWERFUL BANKER
IN THE WORLD APPEARED ON CAPITOL
HILL TODAY.
JANET YELLEN, WHO WOULD SUCCEED
BEN BERNANKE AS CHAIRMAN OF THE
FEDERAL RESERVE, APPEARED TO
MOVE ONE STEP CLOSER TO
CONFIRMATION, BUT NOT WITHOUT
SCRUTINY.
NEWSHOUR CONGRESSIONAL
CORRESPONDENT KWAME HOLMAN
REPORTS.
>> I VERY MUCH APPRECIATE YOUR
CANDOR AND TRANSPARENCY.
>> YOU SEE, THE COMMITTEE HAS
THE UTMOST RESPECT FOR YOU.
>> Reporter: JANET YELLEN, THE
FED'S CURRENT VICE-CHAIR, GOT A
WARM WELCOME BEFORE THE SENATE
BANKING COMMITTEE, AND SHE
QUICKLY TURNED TO MAKING THE
CASE THAT THE ECONOMY STILL
NEEDS THE FED'S STIMULUS
EFFORTS.
>> THE FEDERAL RESERVE IS USING
ITS MONETARY POLICY TOOLS TO
PROMOTE A MORE ROBUST RECOVERY.
I BELIEVE THAT SUPPORTING THE
RECOVERY TODAY IS THE SUREST
PATH TO RETURNING TO A MORE
NORMAL APPROACH TO MONETARY
POLICY.
>> Reporter: SINCE LATE 2008,
THE FED'S BEEN BUYING MORTGAGE-
BACKED SECURITIES AND TREASURY
BONDS, NOW AT A RATE OF $85
BILLION A MONTH.
THE GOAL IS TO KEEP INTEREST
RATES LOW AND ENCOURAGE GROWTH.
SOME REPUBLICANS WORRY IT'S ALL
GONE TOO FAR AND THAT THE
MASSIVE BOND BUYING HAS INFLATED
STOCK PRICES AND REAL ESTATE
VALUES.
ALABAMA'S RICHARD SHELBY CITED
THE RECORD SIZE OF THE FED'S
BOND HOLDINGS, NOW $3.8
TRILLION, OR ALMOST A QUARTER
THE SIZE OF THE NATION'S TOTAL
ECONOMIC OUTPUT.
>> LOOKING BACK IN HISTORY,
RECENT HISTORY-- THE LAST 30,
40, 50 YEARS-- HAVE YOU NOTICED
ANY PORTFOLIO OF THE FED
APPROACHING WHAT IT IS TODAY?
>> NOT OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE.
>> THAT'S WHAT I ME
>> BUT OTHER CENTRAL BANKS.
>> I'M ASKING YOU ABOUT THE
FEDERAL RESERVE OF THE UNITED
STATES OF AMERICA.
>> NO, I HAVE NOT, SENATOR.
>> OKAY.
>> Reporter: OTHERS WARNED THAT
WHILE INVESTORS ARE BENEFITING
GREATLY FROM LOW INTEREST RATES,
RETIREES WHO DEPEND ON INTEREST
PAYMENTS ARE HURTING.
REPUBLICAN MIKE JOHANNS OF
NEBRASKA.
>> I THINK THE ECONOMY HAS
GOTTEN USED TO THE SUGAR YOU'VE
PUT OUT THERE, AND I JUST WORRY
THAT WE'RE ON A SUGAR-HIGH.
AND THAT IS A VERY DANGEROUS
THING FOR THE LITTLE PERSON OUT
THERE WHO'S JUST TRYING TO PAY
THE BILLS AND MAYBE PUT A BUCK
AWAY FOR RETIREMENT.
>> IF WE WANT TO GET BACK TO
BUSINESS AS USUAL AND A NORMAL
MONETARY POLICY AND NORMAL
INTEREST RATES, I WOULD SAY WE
NEED TO DO THAT BY GETTING THE
ECONOMY BACK TO NORMAL.
AND THAT'S WHAT THIS POLICY I
HOPE WILL SUCCEED IN DOING.
>> Reporter: YELLEN GAVE NO
INDICATION OF WHEN THE FED MIGHT
SCALE BACK ON ITS BOND BUYING,
KNOWN AS "QUANTITATIVE EASING."
ON THE DEMOCRATIC SIDE,
ELIZABETH WARREN OF
MASSACHUSETTS COMPLAINED THE FED
STILL ISN'T DOING ENOUGH TO
LIMIT THE SIZE AND DOMINANCE OF
BIG BANKS.
>> THE TRUTH IS IF THE
REGULATORS HAD DONE THEIR JOBS
AND REINED IN THE BANKS, WE
WOULDN'T NEED TO BE TALKING
ABOUT QUANTITATIVE EASING
BECAUSE WE COULD HAVE AVOIDED
THE 2008 CRISIS ALTOGETHER.
>> Reporter: YELLEN AGREED WITH
THE NEED TO INCREASE MONITORING
OF THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM.
SHE ALSO NOTED THAT THE
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN AND DEBT
CEILING BRINKSMANSHIP HAVE
HINDERED EFFORTS TO BOOST THE
ECONOMY.
LOOKING AHEAD, YELLEN PLEDGED TO
CONTINUE THE PUSH BY OUTGOING
FED CHAIRMAN BEN BERNANKE FOR
GREATER TRANSPARENCY IN WHAT THE
FED IS DOING AND HOW.
>> Woodruff: NOW TO OUR
NEWSMAKER INTERVIEW WITH B. TODD
JONES, THE NEW DIRECTOR OF THE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF ALCOHOL,
FIREARMS, TOBACCO AND
EXPLOSIVES.
THE AGENCY, CHARGED WITH KEEPING
TRACK OF THE NATION'S 300
MILLION GUNS, LACKED A PERMANENT
HEAD FOR THE LAST SEVEN YEARS.
JONES WAS APPOINTED SHORTLY
AFTER THE TRAGIC SHOOTING AT
SANDY HOOK ELEMENTARY IN
NEWTOWN, CONNECTICUT, AND
CONFIRMED IN JULY.
I SPOKE WITH HIM THIS AFTERNOON
AT THE BUREAU'S HEADQUARTERS
HERE IN WASHINGTON.
DIRECTOR TODD JONES, THANK YOU
FOR TALKING WITH US.
>> WELL, THANK YOU FOR BEING
HERE.
>> Woodruff: IN YOUR
CONFIRMATION HEARINGS TO BECOME
THE DIRECTOR OF ALCOHOL,
TOBACCO, FIREARMS AND EXPLOSIVES
YOU CALL THIS AN AGENCY IN
DISTRESS.
OTHERS HAVE CALLED IT THE
NEGLECTED STEPCHILD OF FEDERAL
LAW ENFORCEMENT.
THEY'VE CALLED IT BUREAU UNDER
SIEGE.
HOW DO YOU SEE IT NOW THAT
YOU'RE HERE?
>> I CALL IT A RESILIENT LAW
ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.
I HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF SERVING
IN AN ACTING CAPACITY FOR TWO
YEARS WHICH GAE
OF GETTING TO KNOW THE PEOPLE,
GETTING TO KNOW THE ORGANIZATION
BETTER, AND ALSO IDENTIFYING
SOME IMMEDIATE ACTIONS THAT WE
WANTED TO TAKE AND IT'S -- 24
MONTHS HAS GONE BY REALLY FAST.
>> Woodruff: THE A.T.F. HADN'T
HAD A PERMANENT DIRECTOR FOR
SEVEN YEARS BEFORE YOU TOOK THE
JOB.
YOU HAVE A BUDGET THAT IS -- YES
IT'S GROWN, BUT IT'S NOT NEARLY
AS FAST AS THE BUDGETS OF THE
F.B.I., THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT
AGENCY.
IT'S BEEN POINTED OUT YOUR
NUMBER OF AGENTS SMALLER THAN
MANY CITY AND MUNICIPAL POLICE
DEPARTMENTS, SHERIFF'S
DEPARTMENTS.
HOW ARE YOU MANAGING?
>> I'VE GOT A GOOD TEAM.
HAVING GOOD PEOPLE IS ALWAYS
IMPORTANT.
YOU KNOW, WE HAVE THE BENEFIT OF
A VERY EXPERIENCED SPECIAL AGENT
WORK FORCE, BUT WE ARE ON THE
CUSP OF LOSING A GENERATION OF
AGENTS, SO TO SPEAK, SO IT'S
ABSOLUTELY CRITICAL THAT WE HAVE
THE OPPORTUNITY IN SHORT ORDER
TO REBUILD OUR WORK FORCE CADRE
IN A WAY THAT MAKES SENSE AND
WILL ALLOW US TO FUNCTION FOR
THE NEXT TEN YEARS.
>> Woodruff: BUT HOW STRAPPED DO
YOU FEEL FOR RESOURCES?
>> ATE JEFF AN ORGANIZATION--
WHETHER IT'S IN THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT OR TREASURY-- THEY
MAY DO WITH WHAT THEY'VE GOT,
DONE A LOT WITH VERY LITTLE.
OUR WORK FORCE PER CAPITA HAS
REMAINED PRETTY STATIC OVER THE
HISTORY OF THE BUREAU, WHICH IS
40 YEARS NOW AS A STAND ALONE
BUREAU.
>> Woodruff: OF COURSE, ONE OF
YOUR PRINCIPAL PRIORITIES HAS TO
DO WITH GUNS.
LET'S THE TALK ABOUT THAT FOR A
MINUTE.
THE N.R.A., THE REST OF THE GUN
RIGHTS LOBBY HAS WORKED VERY
HARD SINCE THE A.T.F. WAS
CREATED TO LIMIT YOUR BUDGET AND
AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO SAY THAT
YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE THE ABILITY
IN A LARGE SENSE TO GO AFTER
GUNS THAT ARE USED IN CRIMES.
THAT ARE USED IN THE COMMISSION
OF CRIMES.
HOW MUCH HAS THAT AFFECTED WHAT
YOU'RE ABLE TO DO HERE?
>> WE HAVE AN AREA OF EXPERTISE
IN THE FIREARMS REALM THAT WAS
REALLY STATUTORILY GIVEN TO US
IN 1968.
THE GUN CONTROL ACT WAS A PIVOT
POINT FOR THIS ORGANIZATION AND
OVER THE YEARS WE'VE ASSUMED
ADDITIONAL JURISDICTIONAL
REACHES, ARSON, EXPLOSIVES.
BUT AT THE CORE OF WHAT WE DO IS
REALLY TO REGULATE THE LEGAL
COMMERCE IN FIREARMS AND TO WORK
TO ENFORCEHE T GUN CONTROL ACT.
WHEN THOSE FIREARMS MIGRATE INTO
THE BLACK MARKET OR THE ILLEGAL
MARKET.
AND THAT'S A TALL TASK.
>> Woodruff: BUT AT THE SAME
TIME, WE KNOW THAT, AGAIN,
THANKS TO THE WORK OF THE GUN
RIGHTS LOBBY, THERE'S NOT EVEN A
COMPUTERIZED SYSTEM TO KEEP TACK
OF GUNS.
THAT ARE USED IN THE COMMISSION
OF CRIMES HOW MUCH DOES THAT
HAMPER THE WORK THAT YOU DO
HERE?
>> WELL, IRONICALLY, I THINK WE
HAVE BEEN ABLE TO DO THE JOB.
NOT AS WELL AS WE COULD BECAUSE
WE'RE REALLY OPERATING WITH 20th
CENTURY TECHNOLOGY IN THE 21st
CENTURY.
THERE ARE THINGS THAT WE COULD
DO, FULLY AWARE THAT IT IS
AGAINST THE LAW FOR US TO DO
ANYTHING APPROACHING A NATIONAL
GUN REGISTRY AND THAT'S BEEN THE
FACT SINCE THE FIREARMS OWNER
PROTECTION ACT.
SO WE HAVE A LOT OF FOLKS IN
MARTINSBURG, WEST VIRGINIA, WHO
ARE VERY RESPONSIVE TO OUR GUN
TRACE PROGRAM.
COULD WE DO IT BETTER WITH A
LITTLE BIT MORE OPEN MINDEDNESS
AND LESS OF A FEAR FACTOR THAT
WE'RE GOING TO DO SOMETHING THAT
WOULD VIOLATE THE LAW?
YES.
ARE WE DOING THE JOB RIGHT NOW
THAT WE NEED TO DO?
YES.
>> Woodruff: WELL, I ASK YOU,
BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW, YOU KNOW
THE ESSTATISTICS BETTER THAN I
DO, FROM 2004 TO 2007 THE RATE
OF LOST OR STOLEN GUNS ROSE --
2011 THE LOST OR STOLEN GUNS
ROSE TO 175,000 FIREARMS
UNACCOUNTED FOR.
THAT WAS THE A.T.'S.F
RESPONSIBILITY.
>> WELL, --
>> Pelley: I'M ASKING, WAS IT
THE A.T.F.'S RESPONSIBILITY?
>> YOU KNOW, LIKE ANY OTHER
LEGAL COMMERCE HERE THERE ARE
VULNERABILITIES IN THE SYSTEM.
ONE OF THE FUNDAMENTAL THINGS
THAT WE'RE VERY MUCH AWARE OF IS
THE VOLUME OF FIREARMS IN THIS
COUNTRY.
THE LEGAL COMMERCE IN FIREARMS,
THE BUSINESS OF THE FIREARMS
INDUSTRY IS SUCH THAT, YOU KNOW,
THERE ARE 300 MILLION FIREARMS
IN THIS COUNTRY.
SOME OF THOSE FIREARMS HAVE
MIGRATED FROM LEGAL
NON-PROHIBITED PERSONS
NON-PROHIBITED LICENSED
BUSINESSES INTO THE BLACK
MARKET.
AND UNLIKE A LOAF OF BREAD OR
ANYTHING ELSE, THERE'S NO
EXPIRATION DATE ON A GUN.
AND SO ONE OF OUR CHALLENGES IS
TO REALLY FIGURE OUT WAYS TO
DRAIN THAT ILLEGAL CRIME GUN
POOL AND THAT'S VERY DIFFICULT
BECAUSE THE CONVERGENCE OF THAT
VERY DEEPLY HELD BELIEF IN THE
SECOND AMENDMENT CONSTITUTIONAL
RIGHTS OF AMERICANS-- AS THE
SUPREME COURT HAS STATED IN
RECENT CASE LAW-- THAT SECOND
AMENDMENT RIGHT WE DON'T BELIEVE
SHOULD BUTT UP AGAINST OUR
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR PUBLIC
SAFETY.
BECAUSE OUR FOCUS REALLY IS ON
THAT ILLEGAL CRIME GUN POOL.
>> Woodruff: MEANWHILE, THERE IS
A NEW WORRY IN LAW ENFORCEMENT.
IN FACT, THE BUREAU JUST PUT OUT
I GUESS A WARNING THIS WEEK
ABOUT PLASTIC GUNS WHICH ARE
BECOMING MORE AND MORE AVAILABLE
BUT THEY CAN EVADE METAL
DETECTION.
HOW BIG A WORRY IS THIS?
>> TEN YEARS AGO I DON'T THINK
PEOPLE WERE THINKING ABOUT 3-D
PRINTING CAPABOWER INCREASES AND
INNOVATION KICKS IN, THE 3-D
PRINTING CAPABILITIES THAT ALLOW
PEOPLE TO CREATE WEAPONS WITH
COMPUTER-ASSISTED PROGRAMS AND
LITERALLY WITHIN A MATTER OF
HOURS CREATE A GUN IS A
CHALLENGE.
AND FOR US RIGHT NOW IT'S
RUNNING UP AGAINST THE SUN
SETTING OF THE UNDETECTABLE
FIREARMS ACTS WHICH SCHEDULED TO
SUN SET AT THE END OF THIS YEAR.
AND THAT'S CONVERGING WITH THIS
TECHNOLOGICAL LEAP THAT IS
RAISING PUBLIC SAFETY CONCERNS
FOR US.
>> Woodruff: JUST QUICKLY, WHAT
NEEDS TO BE DONE?
>> WELL, I THINK THAT THE
CONGRESS NEEDS TO LOOK AT THAT
STATUTE AND NOT LET IT LAPSE AND
LOOK AT MAYBE WAYS TO ENHANCE
WHAT'S ON THE BOOKS BECAUSE,
AGAIN, THAT'S AN OLDER STATUTE
AND IT WAS PRIMARILY DRIVEN SO
THAT METAL DETECTORS COULD
DETECT METAL AND FIREARMS SO
THAT THEY COULD CREATE SOME
LEVEL OF SAFETY.
>> Woodruff: THE DIRECTOR OF THE
BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO,
FIREARMS AND EXPLOSIVES.
TODD JONES, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Ifill: PRESIDENT OBAMA ALSO
USED HIS NEWS CONFERENCE TODAY
TO WARN CONGRESS AGAINST
IMPOSING NEW SANCTIONS ON IRAN
WHILE DIPLOMATIC OPTIONS REMAIN.
AS THE U.S. NEGOTIATING TEAM
PREPARES TO RETURN TO GENEVA FOR
A THIRD ROUND OF TALKS NEXT
WEEK, ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS
SAY THEY CAN STILL FORCE IRAN TO
FREEZE ITS NUCLEAR PROGRAM.
AT THE WHITE HOUSE, THE
PRESIDENT SAID NO NEW SANCTIONS
ARE NEEDED.
>> IF, IN FACT, WE'RE SERIOUS
ABOUT TRYING TO RESOLVE THIS
DIPLOMATICALLY-- BECAUSE NO
MATTER HOW GOOD OUR MILITARY IS,
MILITARY OPTIONS ARE ALWAYS
MESSY, ARE ALWAYS DIFFICULT--
THEN THERE'S NO NEED FOR US TO
ADD NEW SAKSS ON TOP OF THE
SANCTIONS THAT ARE ALREADY VERY
EFFECTIVE AND THAT BROUGHT THEM
THE TABLE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
>> Ifill: THE BEHIND THE SCENES
STRUGGLE BETWEEN THE WHITE HOUSE
AND CONGRESS COULD DRIVE THE
OUTCOME OF THE GENEVA TALKS.
IRIEF FOREIGN AFFAS
CORRESPONDENT MARGARET WARNER
SAYS IT'S BEEN QUITE A VIGOROUS
ONE.
MARGARET, BEHIND THE SCENES IT
SEEM WHAT IS THE PRESIDENT WAS
TRYING TO DO-- AS HE WAS WITH
HEALTH CARE TODAY-- IS MOLLIFY
THE DEMOCRATS.
>> THAT IS ONE OF HIS MAIN
PROBLEMS, GWEN.
THERE'S STRONG SENTIMENT ON THE
HILL TO STEP UP PRESSURE ON IRAN
DURING THESE TALKS AND IT'S
COMING NOT JUST FROM REPUBLICANS
BUT FROM SOME LEADING DEMOCRATS
LIKE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE
CHAIRMAN BOB MENENDEZ.
THE TWO ISSUES ARE THEY COULD
EITHER IMPOSE NEW SANCT OR,
AS BOB CORKER WANTS TO DO, STRIP
THE PRESIDENT OF HIS ABILITY TO
WAIVE EVEN EXISTING SANCTIONS
UNDER EXISTING LAW.
THE ADMINISTRATION SAYS IF THAT
HAPPENS PRESIDENT OBAMA WILL
HAVE NOTHING LEFT TO DEAL WITH
IN GENEVANEXT  WEEK.
HIS NEGOTIATORS WON'T, BECAUSE
EVEN THE MODEST EASING THEY'RE
PROPOSEING, THAT THEY PROPOSED
LAST WEEK SAY UNBLOCKING SOME
FUNDS THAT ARE -- THIS IRANIAN
MONEY HELD IN FOREIGN ACCOUNTS,
HE CAN'T DO IF HIS HANDS ARE
TIED ON THE WAIVERS.
SO THAT'S WHY YOU SAW A
FULL-COURT PRESS THIS WEEK.
VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN, SECRETARY
KERRY, UP ON THE HILL IN PRIVATE
BRIEFINGS.
>> Ifill: AND THEY WERE SAYING
THAT WE AREN'T LIFTING OIL
SANCTIONS OR BANKING SANCTIONS.
SO WHAT IS DRIVING THE
OBJECTIONS TO EVEN THE POTENTIAL
OF A DEAL?
>> I'D SAY DISTRUST ON TWO
FRONTS.
DISTRUST OF IRAN GIVEN ITS LONG
RECORD OF DECEPTION AND THERE IS
SUCH A RECORD.
AND NEGOTIATIONS AND DISTRUST OF
THE ADMINISTRATION OR A MISTRUST
THAT THIS ADMINISTRATION IS SO
EAGER FOR A DEAL THAT IT IS
READY TO GIVE AWAY LEVERAGE AND
THE FINAL FACTOR IS DEFINITE
PRESSURE FROM ISRAEL, FROM PRIME
MINISTER NETANYAHU, FROM
ISRAEL'S FRIENDS ON THE HILL AND
OUTSIDE OF THE HILL TO NOT HEAD
DOWN THE SLIPPERY SLOPE OF
EASING SANCTIONS UNTIL YOU GET A
DEAL THAT ENDS ALL-- ALL--
IRANIAN ENRICH.
>> Ifill: IS ANYTHING THAT THE
PRESIDENT SAID-- HIS STATEMENT
THAT WE PLAYED AT THE WHITE
HOUSE-- IS THIS GETTING TRACTION
AMONG THE PEOPLE WHO WERE HIS
TARGET AUDIENCE?
>> WELL, HE SAID WHAT SECRETARY
KERRY WAS SAYING YESTERDAY IN
THIS PRIVATE BRIEFING WHICH IS
-- YOU KNOW, WHICH IS LOOK, NOT
ONLY THAT THEY'RE NOT NECESSARY,
IT'S THAT IT WILL UNDERCUT OUR
ABILITY TO PURSUE DIPLOMACY AND
THAT THAT'S A DANGEROUS STEP TO
GO DOWN AND THAT WE EAR
NEGOTIATING A TOUGH DEAL.
THIS IS WHAT SECRETARY KERRY WAS
SAYING PRIVATELY.
BUT THAT IF YOU DO THIS TO US IT
WILL UNDERCUT IRANIAN PRESIDENT
ROUHANI AT HOME AGAINST HIS
HARD-LINERS AND IT WILL SHAKE
THE CONFIDENCE OF BOTH THE
IRANIANS AND OUR OWN ALLIES THAT
THIS PRESIDENT HAS THE POWER TO
MAKE A DEAL.
FROM WHAT I HEARD FROM MEMBERS
IN THAT MEETING, SENATOR BOB
CORKER I SPOKE TO LATE YESTERDAY
HE SAID IT WAS TOTALLY
FRUSTRATING AND DISAPPOINTING,
TOTALLY UNSATISFYING.
HE SAID IT WAS 80% EMOTION, ONLY
20% DETAILS.
THAT SECRETARY KERRY'S ATTITUDE
WAS "TRUST US, WE'RE NEGOTIATING
A TOUGH DEAL" AND DIDN'T GIVE US
ANY DETAIL.
AND SENATOR MENENDEZ SAID IN
MORE RESTRAINED LANGUAGE MUCH
THE SAME TODAY.
>> Ifill: SO NOTHING, THE BALL
HAS NOT MOVED.
BUT THEY'RE STILL LISTENING TO,
AS YOU POINTED OUT, PEOPLE FROM
ABROAD WHO ARE CALLING AND
THEY'RE STILL LISTENING TO WHO
ELSE?
>> WELL, THERE IS -- RIGHT NOW I
THINK THE DYNAMIC IS THERE'S A
VERY SHORT TIME FUSE.
THE ADMINISTRATION WANTS THEIR
NEGOTIATORS TO GET TO GENEVA
WITH THIS BIG A HAND AS THEY
ALREADY HAVE.
THEY FEEL THAT THEY'VE SETTLED
THEIR ISSUES WITH THE FRENCH, SO
THAT ISN'T REALLY WHAT THEY'RE
AS MOST WORRIED ABOUT.
THEY WANT TO BE ABLE TO GET TO
GENEVA WITHOUT THE HILL DOING
ANYTHING TO CLIP ITS WINGS AND
THEY WERE SO CONCERNED ABOUT THE
REVOLT AMONG DEMOCRATS THIS WEEK
THAT THERE WAS EVEN TALK IN THE
ADMINISTRATION AND AMONG ITS
FRIENDS ABOUT A PLAN "B," THAT
IF WE -- IF DEMS NEED TO VO YES
ON SOMETHING, MAYBE AS LONG AS
WE CAN FORESTALL THIS STRIPING
THE WAIVERS PART THAT WE MIGHT
AGREE TO A SANCTIONS BILL THAT
DOESN'T TAKE EFFECT FOR SIX
MONTHS.
>> Ifill: THAT'S THE MIDDLE
GROUND.
>> THAT'S THE MIDDLE GROUND.
THE ADMINISTRATION DOES NOT LIKE
IT.
I WAS TOLD BY A SENIOR OFFICIAL
THAT THAT'S A SLIPPERY SLOPE TO
THEM AND A HILL AIDE SAID TO ME
THAT THERE MAY BE A COMPROMISE
WHERE THEY GIVE HIM ANOTHER WEEK
TO TEN DAYS BUT NOT THE TWO
MONTHS HE WAS ASKING FOR.
>>fil Il: SOUNDS LIKE A WEEK
FULL OF SLIPPERY SLOPES.
>> AND MORE TO COME.
>> Ifill: MARGARET WARNER,
THANKS.
>> Woodruff: FINALLY TONIGHT,
THE RETURN OF A CHARACTER, AND
THE RETURN OF ONE OF OUR OWN.
THE CHARACTER IS JULIA, THE
HEROINE OF THE NEW NOVEL,
"PORTRAIT OF JULIA."
THE AUTHOR IS INDEED OUR OWN
ROBERT MACNEIL, LONGTIME ANCHOR
AND EXECUTIVE EDITOR OF THE
NEWSHOUR.
THIS IS HIS FOURTH NOVEL AND
CONTINUES A STORY BEGUN IN HIS
EARLIER "BURDEN OF DESIRE."
HE TALKED WITH JEFFREY BROWN
THIS AFTERNOON IN OUR NEW YORK
STUDIO.
ROBIN, WELCOME.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Brown: SO FIRST THIS
CHARACTER OF YOURS, JULIA, FIRST
BROUGHT TO LIFE SOME 20 YEARS
AGO.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
>> Brown: WAS SHE PLAYING AROUND
IN YOUR HEAD ALL THESE YEARS?
DEMANDING TO COME BACK?
>> I THINK SO.
SHE'S BEEN GESTATING FOR A LONG
TIME.
TO ME SHE'S FASCINATING THE.
AND THIS BOOK, AS IT BEGINS,
SHE'S A 28-YEAR-OLD WIDOW OF
THREE YEARS FROM THE FIRST WORLD
WAR.
I GREW UP IN MY FIRSTAS IN 1931E
FIRST WORLD WARR ENDED AND ALL Y
EARLY CHILDHOOD WAS IN THE SORT
OF LEFTOVERS OF THAT ATMOSPHERE
FROM THE FIRST WORLD WAR, THE
WAR TO END ALL WARS.
>> Brown: WELL, THAT IS SO MUCH
OF THE CONTEXT OF THIS BOOK,
RIGHT?
IT IS THE -- A NEW WORLD
BEGINNING.
MILLIONS ARE DEAD AND IT IS A
KIND OF MODERN WORLD EMERGING
AND THESE CHARACTERS ARE TRYING
TO NEGOTIATE IT.
>> TRYING TO NEGOTIATE IT, YEAH.
WHEN NOTHING IS AS IT WAS OR
NOTHING SEEMS AS IT WAS FOR
YOUNG WOMEN IN THE EUROPEAN
COUNTRIES THERE ARE TOO FEW MEN
BECAUSE A GENERATION WAS LOST IN
EACH OF THOSE COUNTRIES--
GERMANY, FRANCE, ENGLAND IN
PARTICULAR.
AMERICA AND CANADA, WHERE THIS
IS FIRST SET, COME OUT OF THIS
MORE OPTIMISTTH
EUROPEANS DO.
IN CANADA IT EVEN HAD THE FIRST
WORLD WAR HAD A ROLE IN
BEGINNING TO INSPIRE CANADIANS
TO SEEK THEIR OWN NATIONAL
AUTONOMY AWAY FROM THE BRITISH
EMPIRE BECAUSE THE TREMENDOUS
LOSSES OF THE FIRST WORLD WAR.
60,000 DEAD OUT OF A TOTAL
POPULATION OF EIGHT MILLION.
IT WAS JUST STUNNING.
AND HOWEVER THEY CAME OUT OF IT
OPTIMISTIC AND SEEKING A NEW
RELATIONSHIP WITH BRITAIN AND
THAT LED THE OTHER DOE MINUTEIAN
OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE VERY
GRADUALLY TO WHAT IS NOW THE
BRITISH COMMONWEALTH.
>> Brown: SO JULIA IS A PAINTER
HERSELF AND THIS IS A PORTRAIT
OF JULIA AND IT IS A LITERAL
PORTRAIT BEING DONE OF HER BY A
HISTORICAL CHARACTER
>> J.W. MURRAY, A CANADIAN PAINT
WE ARE WHOM SHE HAD STUDIED IN
PARIS BRIEFLY BEFORE THE WAR.
HE PAINTED A PORTRAIT OF THEY
ARE THEN-- NUDE BUT RETICENT--
WHICH HER HUSBAND BEFORE HE DIED
WAS SO EMBARRASSED BY THAT SHE
HAD TO KEEP IN THE A CUPBOARD IN
THE BEDROOM.
AND SHE THINKS IT'S -- IT'S A
SOURCE OF GREAT PRIDE TO HER
THAT SO ACCOMPLISHED A PAINTER
WOULD BE WANTING TO DO HER
PORTRAIT AGAIN IS BUT SHE USES
THE PAINTING OF THE PORTRAIT TO
TELL HIM A LOT OF WHAT LED UP TO
WHY SHE'S DOWN THERE IN THE
SOUTH OF FRANCE.
>> Brown: AND YOU, THE AUTHOR,
USE PAINTING AND ART AS A WAY TO
TELL YOUR STORY BECAUSE A LOT OF
THIS IS ABOUT -- I MEAN, THERE
ARE INTERESTING -- REAL
CHARACTERS IN HERE.
MATISSE, A LOT OF FAMOUS
PAINTERS.
BUT THERE'S THE ISSUE OF
REPRESENTATION IN ART.
THERE'S A SORT OF MODERNISM IN
ART.
THERE'S A LOT GOING ON THERE.
WHAT INTERESTED YOU ABOUT IT?
>> WELL, FROM EARLY CHILDHOOD --
WELL TEENAGE CHILDHOOD.
IN MY HIGH SCHOOL IN OTTAWA,
CANADA, THERE WAS THE ASSEMBLY
ROOM WHERE WE MET A LOT THERE
WAS ONE OF HIS -- MAURICE'S
PAINTINGS ENLARGED AND
REPRODUCED AND I LOOKED AT IT
ALMOST EVERYDAY IN MY HIGH
SCHOOL YEARS AND GRADUALLY I
BECAME MORE INTERESTED IN -- HE
I THINK IS UNDERCELEBRATED AND
IT WASN'T MY AIM BUT IT WOULD BE
NICE IF HE WERE REDISCOVERED A
LITTLE BIT, I THINK.
HE WAS A VERY, VERY GOOD
PAINTER.
THE FRENCH THOUGHT IN THE TURN
OF THE CENTURY AND UP UNTIL 1920
THE FRENCH THOUGHT HE WAS ONE OF
TWO OF THE GREATEST NORTH
AMERICAN PAINTERS AND, OF COURSE
NORTH AMERICAN-- A YADIAN AND
AMERICAN-- CROWDED PARIS AT THE
TIME.
THE CENTER OF MODERN PAINTING.
>> Brown: SO YOU HAVE TO
CHANGING WORLD AFTER WORLD WAR I
YOU HAVE TO WORLD OF ART.
THESE THINGS -- YOU AS THE
NOVELIST BUT ALSO I'M THINKING
OF YOU AS THE NEWS MAN I KNOW
FOR MANY YEARS, YOU'RE USING
SOME -- YOU'RE GROUNDED IN SOME
HISTORICAL FACT.
AND THEN WHAT HAPPENS?
>> WELL, WHAT HAPPENS IS I THINK
ONE OF THE LESSONS WE LEARN IN
LIFE-- AND IT'S AN OLD LESSON,
BUT EACH OF US HAS TO LEARN IT
INDIVIDUALLY-- AND THAT IS THAT
IN HUMAN RELATIONS, PARTICULARLY
SEXUAL RELATIONS AND SO ON,
THERE IS THE PERSON YOU MIGHT
MOST TRUST AND FEEL MOST
COMFORTABLE AND EASY WITH ISN'T
NECESSARILY THE PERSON YOUR
HEART IS GOING TO FALL FOR.
AND DEALING WITH THAT -- IT'S AN
OLD STORY, IT'S THE SUBJECT OF
MANY BOOKS OVER THE CENTURIES.
>> Brown: LOT OF GREAT NOVELS.
>> BUT IT'S INDIVIDUAL TO EACH
CHARACTER.
AND IN HER CHARACTER SHE, TRYING
TO BE THE MODERN WOMAN AND
TRYING TO BE VERY HONEST WITH
HERSELF ABOUT EVERYTHING WHICH
IN ITSELF TO ME IS AN
INTERESTING PHENOMENON.
HOW HONEST CAN YOU BE WITH
SOMEBODY YOU LOVE?
>> Brown: WHAT COMPELS YOU TO
WRITE SIX IN
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, I HAD THE ITCH LONG
BEFORE I BECAME A JOURNALIST.
I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO BE A
WRITER OF FICTION.
IT DIDN'T WORK OUT BECAUSE I WAS
TRYING TO WRITE PLAYS AND THEY
WEREN'T VERY GOOD PLAYS AND THEN
I HAD TO EARN A LIVING.
BUT IT'S -- IT'S ALWAYS REMAINED
THERE IN THE BACKGROUND.
THE -- SAUL BELLOW SAID "FICTION
IS THE HIGHER AUTOBIOGRAPHY."
AND IT'S INTERESTING WHERE
PIECES OF YOUR OWN LIFE AND YOUR
OWN WISHES OR DISAPPOINTMENTS OR
HOPES OR ANYTHING COME OUT AS
FICTION.
LIKE THAT CHARACTER JULIA
HERSELF.
WHO IS SHE SOMEWHERE DOES SHE
COME FROM.
I KNOW WHERE SHE CAME FROM.
I WAS BROUGHT UP DURING THE
SECOND WORLD WAR.
MY MOTHER WAS ALONE FOR FIVE
YEARS.
CANADA WAS IN THE WAR FOR FIVE
MY FATHER WAS AWAY AT SEA
YEARS.
FIGHTING THE BATTLE OF THE
MY FATHER WAS AWAY AT SEA
ATLANTIC AND I KNOW WHAT MY
FIGHTING THE BATTLE OF THE
MOTHER WENT THROUGH IN TERMS OF
ATLANTIC AND I KNOW WHAT MY
ANXIETY AND HOPE AND
MOTHER WENT THROUGH IN TERMS OF
DISAPPOINTMENT AND FEAR AND
ANXIETY AND HOPE AND
EVERYTHING ELSE.
DISAPPOINTMENT AND FEAR AND
SO WHILE I WAS WRITING THAT
EVERYTHING ELSE.
STORY IN A MEMOIR OF MINE I
SO WHILE I WAS WRITING THAT
REMEMBER GOING INTO MY WIFE AND
STORY IN A MEMOIR OF MINE I
SAYING "WHAT WOULD IT HAVE BEEN
REMEMBER GOING INTO MY WIFE AND
LIKE FOR A WOMAN WAITING FOR HER
SAYING "WHAT WOULD IT HAVE BEEN
HUSBAND TO COME BACK FROM FRANCE
LIKE FOR A WOMAN WAITING FOR HER
IN THE FIRST WORLD WAR WHEN
HUSBAND TO COME BACK FROM FRANCE
EVERYTHING WAS SO MUCH MORE
IN THE FIRST WORLD WAR WHEN
CONSTRICTED EVEN THEN THE SECOND
EVERYTHING WAS SO MUCH MORE
WORLD WAR PERIOD.
CONSTRICTED EVEN THEN THE SECOND
AND THIS WOMAN CAME OUT OF THAT.
WORLD WAR PERIOD.
>> Brown: AND THE WOMAN IS
AND THIS WOMAN CAME OUT OF THAT.
JULIA.
>> Brown: AND THE WOMAN IS
THE BOOK IS "PORTRAIT OF JULIA."
JULIA.
ROBERT MacNEIL, THANKS SO MUCH.
THE BOOK IS "PORTRAIT OF JULIA."
>> JEFF, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
ROBERT MacNEIL, THANKS SO MUCH.
>> Woodruff: JEFF CONTINUES HIS
>> JEFF, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
CONVERSATION WITH ROBIN ONLINE.
>> Woodruff: JEFF CONTINUES HIS
FIND THAT ON OUR "ART BEAT"
CONVERSATION WITH ROBIN ONLINE.
PAGE.
FIND THAT ON OUR "ART BEAT"
>> Ifill: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
PAGE.
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
>> Ifill: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
PRESIDENT OBAMA OFFERED A ONE-
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
YEAR FIX FOR MILLIONS OF
PRESIDENT OBAMA OFFERED A ONE-
AMERICANS LOSING THEIR HEALTH
YEAR FIX FOR MILLIONS OF
INSURANCE COVERAGE, AND HE SAID
AMERICANS LOSING THEIR HEALTH
HE HAS TO "WIN BACK SOME
INSURANCE COVERAGE, AND HE SAID
CREDIBILITY" ON THE HEALTH CARE
HE HAS TO "WIN BACK SOME
LAW AND OTHER ISSUES.
CREDIBILITY" ON THE HEALTH CARE
MORE AIDE TRICKLED IN TO THE
LAW AND OTHER ISSUES.
CENTRAL PHILIPPINES SIX DAYS
MORE AIDE TRICKLED IN TO THE
AFTER A CATASTROPHIC TYPHOON
CENTRAL PHILIPPINES SIX DAYS
HIT.
AFTER A CATASTROPHIC TYPHOON
AND JANET YELLEN, THE NOMINEE TO
HIT.
CHAIR THE FEDERAL RESERVE,
AND JANET YELLEN, THE NOMINEE TO
DEFD
CHAIR THE FEDERAL RESERVE,
STIMULUS EFFORTS AT HER SENATE
DEFD
CONFIRMATION HEARING.
STIMULUS EFFORTS AT HER SENATE
>> Woodruff: ON THE NEWSHOUR
CONFIRMATION HEARING.
ONLINE RIGHT NOW, SEE WHERE YOUR
>> Woodruff: ON THE NEWSHOUR
STATE RANKS IN ENROLLMENTS IN
ONLINE RIGHT NOW, SEE WHERE YOUR
THE NEW HEALTH CARE MARKETS SO
STATE RANKS IN ENROLLMENTS IN
FAR.
THE NEW HEALTH CARE MARKETS SO
WE HAVE AN INTERACTIVE MAP ON
FAR.
OUR HOMEPAGE.
WE HAVE AN INTERACTIVE MAP ON
AND BRITISH ECONOMIST ANDREW
OUR HOMEPAGE.
SMITHERS ARGUES AGAINST JANET
AND BRITISH ECONOMIST ANDREW
YELLEN'S APPOINTMENT AND THE FED
SMITHERS ARGUES AGAINST JANET
STIMULUS POLICY SHE'S DEFENDED.
YELLEN'S APPOINTMENT AND THE FED
YOU CAN FIND HIS COLUMN ON
STIMULUS POLICY SHE'S DEFENDED.
"MAKING SENSE."
YOU CAN FIND HIS COLUMN ON
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR WEB
"MAKING SENSE."
SITE, newshour.pbs.org.
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR WEB
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
SITE, newshour.pbs.org.
NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
ON FRIDAY, CONGRESS RESPONDS TO
NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
THE PRESIDENT'S NEW HEALTH CARE
ON FRIDAY, CONGRESS RESPONDS TO
RESCUE PLAN WITH IDEAS OF ITS
THE PRESIDENT'S NEW HEALTH CARE
OWN.
RESCUE PLAN WITH IDEAS OF ITS
I'M GWEN IFILL.
OWN.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
I'M GWEN IFILL.
WOODRUFF.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
WOODRUFF.
HERE TOMORROW EVENING WITH MARK
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS, AMONG
HERE TOMORROW EVENING WITH MARK
OTHERS.
SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS, AMONG
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
OTHERS.
NEWSHOUR, THANK YOU AND GOOD
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
NIGHT.